MLOPS-306 - MS2DeepScore Refactor (#8)
omigami/romigami: README.md

- "inchikey_inchi"

#### Notebooks
You can find a [tutorial](https://github.com/omigami/romigami/blob/master/notebook/spec2vec/tutorial.ipynb) notebook in the `/notebooks/` folder.

> And an [R Markdown document](https://github.com/omigami/romigami/blob/master/vignettes/spec2vec/tutorial.Rmd) on the `/vignettes/` folder.

Reviewer: why do we need this big path with blob/master/ ?

Author: We need it to link to the file in the repo.

### MS2DeepScore
#### Quickstart

```r
library(romigami)

omigami <- omigami_init()
client <- omigami$MS2DeepScore(token="my_token")

mgf_file_path <- "path_to_file.mgf"
n_best_matches <- 10
include_metadata <- list("Smiles", "Compound_name")
ion_mode <- "positive"  # either positive or negative

results <- client$match_spectra_from_path(
                                   mgf_path = mgf_file_path,
                                   n_best = n_best_matches,
                                   include_metadata = include_metadata,
                                   ion_mode = ion_mode
)
  ```

#### Notebooks
You can find a [tutorial](https://github.com/omigami/romigami/blob/master/notebook/ms2deepscore/tutorial.ipynb) notebook in the `/notebooks/` folder.

And an [R Markdown document](https://github.com/omigami/romigami/blob/master/ms2deepscore/spec2vec/tutorial.Rmd) on the `/vignettes/` folder.

> 

Reviewer 2: The Notebooks section is duplicated

Author: Actualy one is for the MS2Deep and another one for Spec2vec. 

They are in different sessions with different links

> And an [R Markdown document](https://github.com/omigami/romigami/blob/master/vignettes/ms2deepscore/tutorial.Rmd)) on the `/vignettes/` folder.

Reviewer: here too

5. These embeddings will be compared against the reference embeddings around the Precursor MZ.
6. The N best matches per spectrum are returned on the response as pandas dataframes.  

### MS2DeepScore

> 1. Save your pair of spectra data in a MGF file locally

Reviewer: why pair? it can be as many as the user wants

2. Create an MS2DeepScore with your user token
3. Call `match_spectra_from_path` with the location of your mgf file.

> 4. The MGF spectra data will be processed and sent to the trained neural network that will predict the molecular structural similarity. 
> 5. The prediction is returned on the response as a dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The MGF spectra data will be processed and sent to the trained neural network that will predict the molecular structural similarity against reference spectra around the Precursor MZ.
5. The N best matches per spectrum are returned on the response as pandas dataframes.  
```
